DOCSP-35785: added --deployment-name flag and page metadata (#795)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/cli/appservices-function.txt

Related Commands
----------------

> * :ref:`appservices-function-list` - List the functions of your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`appservices-function-list` - List the Functions defined for your app
```
clarity nit
